It's been a while since
I did an oil painting.
My hands get dirty every time.
Pardon me, Senpai.
N-Nagatoro!
I spilled juice, and now
my hands are all sticky.
Keep your hands away!
Come on. Scoot over a bit.
Why do you have to use the same tap?
Why not? Come on.
What's up, Senpai?
No, I was j-just thinking
it's really cramped here.
I know, right? It's cramped.
Hey, Senpai...
What?
The way we're washing our hands
next to each other...
Kinda makes it seem like we're taking
a bath together before sex, huh?
Huh?!
S-S-Stop talking like that!
Your face is all red, Senpai!
S-S-S-S-Sorry!
Senpai...
H-Hey... What are you doing?
Why don't we try it out?
T-T-Try what?
Washing each other.
There! There! There! There!
He's getting away!
Damn it!
I can't t-take this anymore!
Senpai! You still have suds on your hands.
I'll wash them in the bathroom!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
You're All Red, Senpai
The club room is definitely
the best place to eat.
She's here...
It's she who disturbs the peace.
'Sup, Paisen?
Sup!
Nagatoro's friends!
Is Hayacchi not here?
So this is your love nest, huh?
So sketchy.
Love nest!
Sketchy!
Th-This is my club room.
You can't just walk in.
Wow, is this the loner's lunch
that I've heard so much about?
Poor loner.
That's none of your business.
Nagatoro isn't even here.
What are they doing?
I wish they'd leave already.
Want to do the thing?
Shall we?
Hey, Paisen, have you squeezed
someone's boobs before?
He does have good reactions!
He's so funny.
Why would you even ask that?
Nah, I just heard that
you're a closet perv, so...
Giggle, giggle, giggle!
I-I'm not!
But you're a virgin,
and you've never even played with
someone's boobs. I feel bad for you.
I pity you!
Hey, Paisen...
Want to touch my boobs?
Well?
Well? Well?
Paisen...
Senpai...
He's running away!
You don't have to hold back, Paisen.
W-Wait...
S-Stop it!
Come on!
Paisen!
I was forced to touch her breast.
An
Anpan.
Bean buns?!
Did you think you got to touch my boobs?
How did my boobs feel under your hand?
Under your hand?
What was that about your boobs?
N-Nagatoro...
Looks like you're having fun.
Smell ya later!
Th-Thanks.
They just barged in, and...
An
You squeezed her boobs?
Good for you.
You're a closet perv, after all.
No. No, no, no, no, no...
Good for you for getting
to squeeze her boobs.
I never did!
It wasn't her boobs!
It was a bean bun.
A bean bun?!
You didn't get a chance to squeeze boobs?!
Poor Senpai!
I d-didn't actually want...
Then...
What would you say if I said
you could squeeze mine?
I s-said I don't want to.
Are you sure?
Really?
That's...
the legendary rare item:
the premium bean bun!
Rumor has it that it has a soft, supple texture
that you wouldn't even believe is a bean bun.
I finally got one.
Want a taste?
A-A taste?
Between Gamo-chan's bean bun
and my premium bean bun...
Wouldn't you like to find
out which one's softer?
Well...
I do, but...
Bean bun guessing game!
Well?!
Go ahead and squeeze them and guess
which one's the premium bean bun!
If you guess right, you can have it.
S-Squeeze them?!
I can't...
They're just bean buns.
Are you having naughty thoughts?
See? They're just buns!
Sh-She's right.
They're just buns.
I have nothing to be ashamed of.
Go ahead.
It's just bread.
It's so soft.
Is this the premium one?
What's wrong?
You're all red, Senpai.
And you're just squeezing a bean bun.
That's so weird.
Let's try this one, then.
This one's even softer.
No... it's soft, but it's
almost too bouncy to be bread.
Which is it?
H-Hey!
I see!
Not only is it soft and
supple, it's also bouncy!
I got it!
This is the premium bean bread!
S-S-S-S-S-S-Sorry!
It's so soft and supple.
It's premium, after all.
Sure.
Premium Bean Buns
Senpai, You Could Be a Little More...
Nagatoro's late.
I think I'll call it a day.
Senpai.
Want me to model for you tomorrow?
You never drew me last time when
I was wearing that swimsuit.
No, it's okay.
I'm planning on drawing an apple tomorrow.
Apples and bananas are always
going to be there for you to draw.
I'm a high school girl over here.
A high school girl!
Have you heard of a thing
called scarcity value?
Fine, fine.
I'll draw you.
I mean, if she's not coming,
that's okay, too.
One and two, one and two...
One and two, one and two, one and two...
What are you doing?
The crafts club didn't need this
sofa anymore, so they gave it to me.
The chair here was so hard and uncomfortable.
See?
It's nice and soft.
I never asked you to bring
that into my club room.
What's up?
I saw you staring pensively
out the window earlier, too.
Yes!
Hosokawa-kun from the
baseball team's killing it again.
They say he's a superstar who'll
become a professional player for sure.
It's hard to believe he's
the same age as you.
Shut up. Why do you care?
Oh? I got a hint of jealousy
from you just now.
I'm not jealous.
But it must be fun getting so much
praise from the people around you.
Do you want praise, too, Senpai?
Sure, a little bit.
I don't really have any talents to praise, though.
And all she ever does is mess with me.
Do you praise people at all, then, Senpai?
Not really.
Talents aside, if you want praise,
you have to give praise first.
He who never praises receives no praise!
So with that said...
Try praising me.
How did it come to this?
Everything is worth a shot.
Ready?
Come on.
What am I supposed to praise you for?
Her face... is on the cute side, I think?
But I couldn't say that to her face.
She has nice, slender legs.
That would be sexual harassment.
Her hair smells nice.
That sounds creepy.
Y-Your hair is smooth and n-nice.
"And nice"!
S-Stop laughing!
Sorry, praise me more.
You have a light step, which is nice.
"Light step"!
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Come on! More!
More!
That kick you did the first day I met you...
was badass.
Th-Thanks.
Since you said lots of
nice things about me...
I'll praise you this time, Senpai.
You don't need to try so hard if
I've got nothing worth praising!
I'm kidding.
Your face is funny.
You make lots of interesting
expressions, Senpai.
And if I stare at you long enough,
you start twitching under your eyes.
See? You're twitching under your eyes!
I-It's just because my eye is itchy.
Senpai's crying again.
What? I'm not crying!
Fwoosh!
Are you sure?
Okay, stop it!
Weren't you going to model for me?
Let's get started.
Okay.
How should I pose?
Since we have this sofa...
Something like this?
Or like this?
Look, look.
What do you think, Senpai?
Well?
Could you stop that and just pose normally?!
Okay.
I don't get it, though...
Why does Nagatoro keep
wanting me to draw her?
Fwip.
What's wrong?
You're all red, Senpai.
Hurry up and draw me.
No, your h-hemline...
My hemline?
It's curling up.
You should fix it.
Jeez, Senpai, you creep.
Senpai, you haven't gotten
anywhere, have you?
I-I can't focus because you keep moving.
Look at him, blaming me.
Are you sure there isn't another
reason why you can't focus?
I'm starting to get sleepy.
You don't mind me changing my pose
since you haven't started yet, right?
Sure, whatever.
I'll give you reward if you draw me well.
You don't have to do that.
I bet it's some kind of dare again.
That's only because you
never have the guts, Senpai.
The guts?
Senpai, you could be a little more...
She's asleep.
I managed to finish it.
But I rushed through it.
So I made a ton of mistakes.
If Nagatoro saw this...
I see.
I'm not done yet!
Time's up.
And now, time for your reward!
Okay, close your eyes, please.
Hurry up.
Here we go.
She's just going to flick my
forehead or something again.
What?
I felt something soft on my lips.
What does that taste like, Senpai?
Taste?
What are you doing?
Trying to get your tongue in?!
You're a million years away
from being able to kiss me.
I-I wasn't trying to get my tongue in.
You said "taste," so...
Though...
I like this drawing.
You know what you need to
improve on today, right?
I-I, um, well...
Your...
My...
Your b-breasts...
My breasts...?
M-M-M-M-Momotaro!
Whoops, I broke him.